Wrap AXA-input (Lit-element based) instead of paper-slider (Polymer based) (#237)
vaadin/component-starter-flow: README.md

# Paper Slider

> Vaadin 14 Java integration of @material/mwc-slider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vaadin Java integration of @material/mwc-slider
```

Author: DOn.e

When creating a starter project from vaadin.com/start, a "npm module name"
should be specified to create a Java component for it. If "npm module name" is left empty, a Java

> component is created for Lit mwc-slider component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component is created for Lit based input-text component.
```
